GH-66 : Prepare plugin for the release (#88)
rtCamp/wp-menu-custom-fields: README.md

- Shortcode with caption
- Custom HTML with tinyMCE editor

**Notes:**

> - This plugin works with default themes. In order to use it with custom themes, please add the necessary styling from your theme to overwrite the plugin CSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This plugin works with default themes. In order to use it with custom themes, please add the necessary styling in your theme/child theme to override the plugin's CSS.
```

- The custom fields from this plugin should be used in the submenu for well-structured and responsive UI.

> - Currently, this plugin is not supported on FSE themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, this plugin is not supported with FSE themes.
```
